[docs] Add page with hardware requirements (#10700)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/pages/guides/HARDWARE_REQUIREMENTS.md

      <th style="text-align: center;">Master nodes</th>
      <th style="text-align: center;">Worker nodes</th>
      <th style="text-align: center;">Frontend nodes</th>
      <th style="text-align: center;">System nodes</th>
      <th style="text-align: center;">Monitoring mnodes</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Minimum</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">1</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">at least 1</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">–</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">–</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">–</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Typical</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">3</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">at least 1</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">2</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">2</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">-</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Increased load</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">3</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">at least 1</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">2</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">2</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">2</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Where:

> * **master nodes** — nodes that manage the cluster

Reviewer: тут нужны  знаки" ; "  в конце перечислений (предложений)?

Reviewer 2: В английском обычно не ставятся 🤷🏽‍♂️

      <td style="text-align: center;">12</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">60</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Frontend node</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">2</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">4</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">50</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Monitoring node</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">4</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">8</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">50</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>System node</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">6</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">12</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">50</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>System node <i>(if no dedicated monitoring nodes are running in the cluster</i>)</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">8</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">16</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">60</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="width: 45%;">
        <b>Single master node cluster</b>
      </td>
      <td>Master node</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">6</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">12</td>
      <td style="text-align: center;">60</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> * The parameters of Worker nodes are largely dictated by the nature of the workload running on the node(s), the table lists the minimum requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The parameters of worker nodes are largely dictated by the nature of the workload running on the node(s), the table lists the minimum requirements.
```

* Note that all nodes require high performance disks (400+ IOPS).

### Single master node cluster

{% alert level="warning" %}
Such clusters lack fault tolerance. We highly advise you against using this kind of clusters in production environments.
{% endalert %}

In some cases, a single-node cluster is enough. In this case, the node will take care of all the node roles described above. For example, this may be useful if you just want to familiarize yourself with the technology or run some fairly lightweight workloads.

> The [Quick Start Guide](../gs/bm/step5.html) contains instructions for deploying a single master node cluster. Once you un-taint the node, it will run all cluster components included in the selected module bundle ([bundle: Default](../documentation/v1/modules/002-deckhouse/configuration.html#parameters-bundle) by default). To successfully run a cluster in this mode, you will need at least 6 CPUs, 12GB of RAM, and 60GB of disk space on a performant disk (400+ IOPS). Such a configuration would allow some workloads to be run, with Deckhouse consuming roughly ~25% of CPUs, ~9GB of RAM, and ~20GB of disk space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Getting Started guide](../gs/bm/step5.html) contains instructions for deploying a single master node cluster. Once you un-taint the node, it will run all cluster components included in the selected module bundle ([bundle: Default](../documentation/v1/modules/002-deckhouse/configuration.html#parameters-bundle) by default). To successfully run a cluster in this mode, you will need at least 6 CPUs, 12GB of RAM, and 60GB of disk space on a performant disk (400+ IOPS). Such a configuration would allow some workloads to be run, with Deckhouse consuming roughly ~25% of CPUs, ~9GB of RAM, and ~20GB of disk space.
```

With this configuration, a load of 2500 RPS on a typical web application (e.g., a static Nginx page) consisting of 30 pods, and incoming traffic of 24 Mbps will result in approximately the following resource consumption figures:

- CPU load will increase to ~60% in total
- RAM and disk resource consumption figures will remain largely unchanged. In the end, however, it comes down to the number of metrics collected and the nature of the workload being run

{% alert level="info" %}
We recommend load testing your application and adjusting the server capacity accordingly.
{% endalert %}

## Node Hardware Requirements

The machines you intend to turn into nodes of your future cluster must meet the following requirements:

> * **CPU architecture** — all nodes must be of the `x86_64` CPU architecture

Reviewer: " ; " нужны ли в конце перечислений? или точки в конце
